Hey
how's it going Dave TD here so CES is
rolling right now and all of the players
in the laptop game have kind of shown
their cards we've seen a whole bunch of
devices from the different companies
some of them are really good devices
some of them are honestly quite poor I'm
gonna go through some of the different
brands talk about the more prominent
good and bad devices so first we're
gonna go with Dell slash Alienware
they've updated their XPS 13 and now
comes in this silver and white color and
the webkinz been moved up to the top of
the bezel and set at the bottom it's got
a small processor bump but no major
tweaks it's mostly an aesthetic change
which is honestly quite nice the XPS 15
did not get updated that's a bit of a
bummer I feel like that old designs been
around for over three years at this
point it feels like it's really due for
an overhaul they could be waiting for a
new Intel CPU or more likely a new GPU
from Nvidia so obviously not like an RT
X card but maybe the like GTX 2050 or
GTX 1160 whatever they're gonna call it
but it could be possible they're waiting
for something at that end to put the
stick into that new chassis but no XPS
15 which is honestly quite disappointing
the gaming laptops from Dell the g5 g7
have both been refreshed they're now
running our checks 20 series cards and
we're seeing a completely different
design aesthetics I feel like Dell is
doing that kind of yearly refresh on the
design front which is nice to see em 15
and M 17 from Alienware I really like
what they definitely m15 the 17-inch
version just looks like it has more
surface areas or probably gonna see
better thermals like the whole design
aesthetic of the new M 15 M 17 looks so
much nicer to me than the traditional
Alienware 15 and 17 from previous
generations now their last big thing is
the Alienware area 51 M this is a beast
of a laptop it's a big device obviously
but the thing that makes it really
unique is that everything is upgradable
the RAM the CPU and the GPU are all user
upgradeable it's using desktop CPU so
you can take like the I $9.99 hundred K
like that big boy desktop chip plop it
into this laptop and the GPUs are also
used or upgradable so they're running
Nvidia RT X cards but Dell has made them
modular so you can swap them out in the
future to upgrade the GPU in this
particular laptop which is pretty cool
it's obviously not for everyone but if
you're looking for a really powerful
portable gaming device that does have
upgrade ability that
is now an option razor they have the
upgraded razor blade 15 it now supports
r-tx GPUs up to the 2080 max-q
and the webcam up at the top has been
updated to support Windows hello so you
can now login to your device with just
facial recognition razor blade stealth
didn't have any update I was kind of
hoping it would have the kind of rumored
MX 250 but the stealth remains unchanged
I also want to talk about their new
monitor so it's the Razer Raptor and
that thing looks awesome now it's a $700
display it's super expensive and
truthfully most gaming displays don't
really differentiate between each other
like once you're at that 27-inch 144 or
higher refresh and it's got one
millisecond response time they all look
and feel and play very similar to one
another but this display looks really
clean and the one thing that I would say
would separate this from the rest of the
pack is the cable management in the back
so Razer has these custom cables that
flow from the inputs of the monitors and
through these channels to just keep it
really clean now once you're out of the
channels you still have to connect your
regular cables to it but it does look
really clean as for whether or not it's
worth that price premium cuz it's like
two maybe even three hundred dollars
more than kind of competing products it
really is up to you I think it looks
cool and I think it's actually one of
the best looking gaming displays on the
market asus had a couple really cool
devices I made a video on them
previously I'll link that below if you
haven't seen it yet em aside did an RT X
refresh on basically all of their
devices the GS 65 is gonna be super
popular again running up to an RT X to
20 80 max Q but they also have a GS 75
which has a 17 inch screen so if you're
looking for something that's a little
bit bigger but still retains that whole
fin unlike gaming laptop idea that is
now an option Acer they did another
update to their swift 7 the thinnest
laptop in the world it's super thin I
get that they're going for that crown of
like the finished laptop title but
there's this diminishing return when it
comes to thin laptops to the point where
the keyboard is difficult to use I've
said this in my review of the device
it's not for everyone and I really feel
like that's a device that just I don't
know who's buying that thing I'll be
honest they also have a new Chromebook
that's running AMD hardware so an AMD
cpu and a radeon GPU which is great and
$280 it's relatively inexpensive and it
seems quite powerful for what that
devices it's pretty solid they also have
a Triton 900
which feels like a bit of a Miss to me
it's got these easel hinges which looks
cool and photos and videos but the
reality is this is a device that doesn't
require that hinge like there's very
little utility for the power that this
thing has it's obviously a gaming device
but very rarely are you using the screen
in a manner that you're gonna want to
flip it around and just have all this
functionality on the screen and that
screen is a 4k 60 Hertz panel it's
g-sync enabled but again the hardware
here supports really high frame rates
and you're putting a 60 frames per
second screen on there I don't know it's
not my top pick the Trident 500 however
looks really nice it's blue it's not
crazy expensive 15-inch screen it's kind
of like that mid to premium tier segment
for gaming laptops and I think it's
gonna be a big seller for them gigabyte
also updated their air 15 to support the
new Nvidia RT X GPUs but unlike all the
other devices out there they do have
this one kind of feature that they
slipped in it now supports this as your
AI it's something they've done with
Microsoft to basically allow the
computer to learn your usage to
undervolt
and over volt the CPU and/or GPU so when
you're not using it mantra if you're
using the GPU more heavily it'll drop
the voltage on the CPU and bump up the
voltage on the GPU which sounds really
neat when it comes to optimizing
performance but I definitely want to
check that out in a more thorough review
some outliers so Samsung has their new
Odyssey laptop this is their third time
they've done this Odyssey gaming laptop
and the previous two generations have
been just trash expensive poor
performance and honestly quite ugly this
latest one I feel like Samsung doesn't
get it at least not for the North
American market I do not see why anyone
would purchase that it's not priced yet
but the design aesthetic on the Odyssey
is just but it's not for me the last
device is the huawei mate book 13 so
here's the device that starts at $1000
it's going to compete quite nicely with
any of the 13-inch Ultrabook devices
particularly the Mac books like the
MacBook Air is a significantly worse
value than this but if you're
comfortable purchasing from a Chinese
brand I think that mate book 13 is
looking pretty solid it's just overall
well built good performance for the
money okay those are the devices that I
think are of interest is here from CES
the laptops at least I hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs be liked
substitute see you guys next time
[Music]